Okay.
Food.
No. We were...
Oh...
Okay...
Tempura on top of a rice. It's like a tempura bowl.
Sure, it's tempura?
Yeah.
Have you gone to China before?
Oh.
Right now, I- I would think too...
I think. It's not so much, I don't think it's...
bad but, with an American Passport, I wouldn't go.
Oh tell us how it is.
Oh.
Oh. Where, where are you guys going?
Where?
Chen...
Chengqi?
What the singing says?
Is it?
Tengqi?
Oh...
Wow.
And so, Tengqing...
Chongqing.
Okay.
Oh... Really?
Yeah.
Is this Southern?
Middle?
Okay.
Wait...
Oh. Wow, you can do anything.
Wow.
Yeah.
okay...
No, I...
No.
Huh!
When are you when when are you going again?
March 1st.
Yeah.
Okay.
Oh...
Wait, are you gonna go with the U.S. Vis, uh, U.S. passport? Okay.
They... you can go?
Oh...
Okay.
Oh wow! because I went with my Japanese Passport.
Because I lived in Japan at the time when I went.
So Japan you don't need a visa to go so I just didn't
Say I had an American... I mentioned... I- I...
I went when I visited, I was only there maybe four or five days.
Yeah, and I only went. My whole goal was to see um... the Great Wall of China.
Yeah, Yeah so...
Oh. Great Wall of China is hard because it's...
yeah because it's like extends throughout the whole like
Country so it's like what portion do you see.
I...
Oh.